capability chown,
capability dac_override,
capability dac_read_search,
capability fowner,
capability fsetid,
capability kill,
capability setgid,
capability setuid,
capability setpcap,
capability linux_immutable,
capability net_bind_service,
capability net_broadcast,
capability net_admin,
capability net_raw,
capability ipc_lock,
capability ipc_owner,
capability sys_module,
capability sys_rawio,
capability sys_chroot,
capability sys_ptrace,
capability sys_pacct,
capability sys_admin,
capability sys_boot,
capability sys_nice,
capability sys_resource,
capability sys_time,
capability sys_tty_config,
capability mknod,
capability lease,
capability audit_write,
capability audit_control,
capability setfcap,
capability mac_override,
capability mac_admin,
